README.md, before:

# Search Box Focus

Get the extension at the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/search-box-focus-hit-tab/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm).

![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?label=Downloads)
![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating-count/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?color=blue&label=Amount%20of%20votes)
![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/stars/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?color=green&label=Rating)

<img src="/icons/Chrome%20Web%20Store/chrome%20store%201.png">

You hate taking your hand off the keyboard all the time only to access the search bar of the website you're visiting?
You'd love to simply press tab or a custom shortcut to focus the search field and start typing right away without ever using your mouse?

<img src="/icons/Chrome%20Web%20Store/chrome%20store%202.png" align="right">

"Search Box Focus" solves exactly these problems. It also comes with an "Autofocus" feature which allows you to access the search bar automatically without even the need to press tab or another shortcut. Simply activate it on those websites where you do a lot of searching. Whenever you load a website that has "Autofocus" enabled or when you switch to it from another tab, you'll find that the cursor is already in the search bar ready for you to start typing. 

The extension is completely open source which means, no tracking or data collection. No ads! 

Feel free to suggest new features, report bugs and so on right here on Github.


### Credits: 
Search Box Focus mainly uses the search box detection code of [this Github repository](https://github.com/CodeRevver/Focus-First-Input). 

The icon can be found [here](https://icons8.com/icon/48167/google-web-search).


### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellowgreen)

Commit message:

Got rid of the alert and made sure turning the extension on and off as well as tab works flawlessly which unfortunately wasn't the case before

README.md, after:

# Search Box Focus

Get the extension at the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/search-box-focus-hit-tab/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm).

![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?label=Downloads)
![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating-count/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?color=blue&label=Amount%20of%20votes)
![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/stars/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm?color=green&label=Rating)

<img src="/icons/Chrome%20Web%20Store/chrome%20store%201.png">

You hate taking your hand off the keyboard all the time only to access the search bar of the website you're visiting?
You'd love to simply press tab or a custom shortcut to focus the search field and start typing right away without ever using your mouse?

<img src="/icons/Chrome%20Web%20Store/chrome%20store%202.png" align="right">

"Search Box Focus" solves exactly these problems. It also comes with an "Autofocus" feature which allows you to access the search bar automatically without even the need to press tab or another shortcut. Simply activate it on those websites where you do a lot of searching. Whenever you load a website that has "Autofocus" enabled or when you switch to it from another tab, you'll find that the cursor is already in the search bar ready for you to start typing. 

The extension is completely open source which means, no tracking or data collection. No ads! 

Feel free to suggest new features, report bugs and so on right here on Github.

### Installation:
Install the extension from the [Chrome Web Store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/search-box-focus-hit-tab/amgmdnojamodmpfjaokfgpijhpcednjm), then make sure to reload/refresh all open tabs for it to work properly. That's it, enjoy the extension ;)


### Credits: 
Search Box Focus mainly uses the search box detection code of [this Github repository](https://github.com/CodeRevver/Focus-First-Input). 

The icon can be found [here](https://icons8.com/icon/48167/google-web-search).


### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License

![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellowgreen)
